The next thing we're going to do is fix up a couple of tests.
Now, these are specifically tests around our different route handlers.
Let's go back over to our terminal.
We're going to take another look at our test suite.
We're going to run all the tests inside of our order service, and we will see that a couple are failing.
So back at my terminal, here's my test suite.
Inside the order service, we are currently filtered and only running tests with the name listener inside
the test file name.
So I'm going to undo that filter by pressing W and then A to run all tests.
So we're going to see that these tests around our different handlers are going to fail pretty catastrophically.
And if we take a look at each of these, you'll notice, as I mentioned, the last video is because
we are building tickets without providing an ID at some point in time when we are working all the on
all these listeners and all these events, we said that we needed to make sure that we had consistent
IDs being used between the ticket service and the order service.
So we had required that whenever we called ticket build, we had to provide an ID property inside of
our test.
We still have some code where we are creating tickets without providing an ID.
So all we really have to do is go around to our different route handler test files.
Whenever we build a ticket, we have to include a randomly generated ID.
That's pretty much it.
So inside my order service, I'm going to find our roots directory.
I'm going to find the test folder inside there and I'll open up, delete tests.
So inside of you right away, we're going to see some errors around building a ticket right here and
right here.
In both cases, all you have to do is use Mongoose to generate a brand new random ID and assign it to
the ticket build.
That's it.
So at the very top.
We will import mongoose from mongoose.
Then inside the build method I'll add in an ID which will be mongoose types object id to hex string
like so.
Now we're going to have to duplicate this line right here into pretty much all four of these test files.
So I'm going to copy this line.
And then we're going to go around to these four files and paste that line everywhere that we build a
ticket.
So first I'm going to scroll down a little bit lower in this file, find the next error and I'll paste
in the ID like so.
And that is it for the delete test file.
I'll fix it up.
So I'm going to save this and close it.
Next up, we'll move on to the next test file of index tests.
At the very top, I will import Mongoose.
From Mongoose.
And then once again.
Paste in that ID.
Okay.
That is it for this file.
So I'll save it and close it onto the new test file.
We've already imported Mongoose at the top, so we're going to scroll through here, find every location
where we build a ticket and paste in that ID line.
There's one right there.
Here's to.
And here's three.
So three locations in this file where we are going to paste in the ID thing.
Hey, that is it for the new test file.
So close that one.
And then finally onto show test us once again at the very top.
I will import Mongoose.
And then I'll paste in the ID.
There's one right there.
One more error little bit down right here pasted in.
Let's to inside the show test file.
So let's save this.
Let's file down and then go back over to our terminal and see how our tests are doing.
It looks like we still have a couple of failures, but these are failures related to our route handlers.
As I mentioned, we went through our different events inside the common module just a little bit ago
and we said that all of our different events had to include a version property inside of our different
route handlers.
Right now we have several locations where we are publishing events, but we are not including any version
property.
And so that's what we're seeing from the delete handler right now.
We are getting an error from TypeScript that distinctly says, hey, you have to include a version of
property whenever you are trying to publish a order canceled event.
So that's pretty much it.
We just have to go around to two different handlers and make sure that we include that version property.
Let's take care that right now.
So inside the roots directory I'll find delete.
So here's the delete route.
HANDLER It's the one that's going to cancel in order.
Here's where we publish an event and if we mouse over this.
Yep, it pretty much just says we have to include a version, as we said that we would.
Any time we publish this event, the version is going to come off the order that we are canceling.
So remember, the entire idea here is that a lot of our different records, we're going to include these
version flags as the primary means of concurrency control.
It's what's going to make sure that we process all these different events in the correct order.
So if there is some other service out there that's going to eventually listen to the order cancelled
event, it's going to use the version field of this order to make sure that the event gets processed
in the correct order.
So we're going to take this order that we just canceled.
We're going to take its version property and just include it inside the event.
We'll throw in version is going to be order version like so.
There's one other event that we are currently publishing that's inside of the handler of new toys.
This is where we create a new order.
And if we scroll down a little bit, we can see where we are publishing that event.
Here it is right here.
They're publishing the event.
And once again, we're just not including the version when we said we would do so.
So throw in version is order dot version.
And that's it.
It's Let's save this.
At this point in time, all of our tests should now be working.
So I'm going to go back over to my terminal, and I should see that all the tests inside of my order
service are up and running.
Fantastic.
Okay.
So as I mentioned, this is just kind of going around and fixing a couple of odds and ends.
And I just want to make sure that the goal of all this stuff was really crystal clear.
So at this point, we're in a pretty good state.
I would say that our order service is reasonably processing incoming events related to tickets.
So we're now going to start to move back over to our tickets service.
We're going to start to investigate some other issues between the ticket service and the order service,
specifically around making sure that we actually reserve tickets properly.
And while a ticket is reserved, we need to also make sure that a user cannot edit a tickets title or
price.
So a couple more kind of business rule things.
Let's start to tackle this stuff in the next video.